hey guys it's me Whitney and today I'm
starting a brand new series that I am so
so excited about I'm calling it inner
star University with Whitney where I'm
gonna take you guys along and we're
gonna play on inner star University it's
an American girl game that you can pull
you online and you can use your my
American Girl dolls with their star
codes and passwords and stuff and it's
so much fun and so I'm actually gonna be
playing my look-alike doll Whitney I
haven't entered her into the university
yet so we're gonna start all fresh so
let's go to enter here let's see so I'm
gonna enroll her for the first time so
I'm gonna put in her star code in her
doll code and then I'll be right back
okay so I just put in her star code in
her doll code I'm just waiting for it to
load
I'm really excited and if you guys want
to friend me on here our dolls can be
friends and they can go play games with
each other so here she is this is my
look like doll Whitney add freckles
can't be changed later let's see what
yes I only have freckles anymore I just
want a younger but I'm hit no and say
this is my American Girl make her unique
by adding fun accessories you can shop
for even more accessories that inner
star you she used to wear glasses
she doesn't very much though I think yes
because she does I might have to I
wonder if you can get different glasses
for her she doesn't wear a bracelet
braces earrings um no on that and I'm
just gonna know for now on glasses
because I think she looks better without
the glasses on here choose her outfit
color pick the outfit color that you
think looks best
I love having eyes like the different
colors I think that's really cool doo
doo doo ooh that one looks really pretty
I like the turquoise berry oh I like
that one too green
white whoo that one's also really pretty
and then gray
well Whitney's really girly she's the
same personality as me and I'm super
girly so I think I'm gonna go with like
one of these type of colors purple
barrier paint nice turquoise I think I'm
gonna go with the turquoise his
turquoise is one of my favorite colors
and I think this looks really cute on
her okay so next so now we're gonna
choose her personality so create a
personality that true that's truly
special enter the question below by
picking one answer that fits best
during my American girls free time her
favorite thing to do is take a hike dig
in the garden or play in the backyard
ride a bike
kick a soccer ball around or shoot some
hoops start a craft project write a
story or sing a song play with a one
friend a couple of friends or a lot of
friends well I'm really crafty I like to
craft but Whitney has a lot of friends
I'm on me AG so I think I'm gonna pick
this one cuz a lot of the girls like to
place Whitney she's like the go-to gal I
guess if that makes sense
okay so friendly my American girls
favorite way to cheer a friend up is
telling her a silly joke making her
friends favorite treat lending her
friend a favorite good-luck charm or
listening to her and give helpful advice
either one or two um I'm gonna pick one
telling your friend a silly joke funny
when my American girl is faced with
something she's never tried before she
jumps right in asks lots of good
questions figures out a plan and six-two
it does it and anyway no one's ever
tried before this is a hard one I'm
gonna go with let's see
hmm I'm just gonna say does that anyway
no that's it in a way no one's ever
tried before independent when my
American girl reaches into her closet
she's most likely to choose broken in
jeans and a t-shirt no anything with
sequences a pretty skirt a dress
polkadot sneakers with striped laces I'm
gonna pick us pretty skirt or dress
because Whitney likes to dress really
nice so girly so now we're gonna choose
one out of four of the personality
traits I'm gonna pick girly cuz I think
I'm pretty girly I guess so her
personality is really now we're going to
pick a name let's see do they Whitney I
hope they have Whitney oh they do it's
my name I'm really happy so Whitney next
okay take that inner star pledge I can
be myself all my dreams that always do
my best I can reach for the stars lend a
hand to others and be a friend I can
make a difference I promise to try so
next so I'm going so her username is
Whitney seven to eight I'm gonna go put
in our password and I think you have to
put in an email address to someone to do
that
and then I will be right back okay guys
so I put in the password and all that
good stuff and it says you're officially
enrolled at inner star University here's
your personalized student idea ID print
this page and keep it in a safe place
I'm not gonna print it because I always
write mine down so we're gonna hit go to
campus really excited to start playing
on here loading loading loading I do
have some other adults who are already
enrolled I have my mom's doll because my
mom likes to play in here it's so
awesome to play there and we have Aubrey
and Austin's muck that all my mom has
enrolled okay so question of the week
your answer will appear on your student
idea
I D what's your favorite thing to see
outside in winter icicles palm trees
snowmen snowflakes or holiday lights um
either holiday lights are snowflakes
because it has them it's doing very much
where I live but I love it at night when
all the neighbors near me have their
holiday lights on so I'm probably not
two thoughts continue so this is just
our welcome from Shelby and I've already
read this on my other doll so and I
already know kind of out of place so I'm
just gonna get started so I really hope
you guys enjoy this first episode of
enter star university with Whitney and I
can't wait to make more episodes make
sure to stick back for next week when
I'll be posting another one of these
videos I had a lot of fun and again make
sure to friend Whitney on here or what
her username is Whitney 7 to 8 so you
guys can friend us and I'm planning on
next time to friend my mom's dolls and
maybe play a few games so I'll see you
guys next time bye